Update OpenTelemetry documentation for multiple servers (#343)
pganalyze/pganalyze-docs: log-insights/setup/opentelemetry.mdx

on the specified port to receive logs at the `/v1/logs` endpoint. Currently, this endpoint
expects OpenTelemetry log messages sent as protobuf.

The configuration setting should be local address like `0.0.0.0:4318` and
it's recommended to use an unprivileged port number (1024 and up) to avoid
running the HTTP server as root.

<CodeBlock language="text">
{`[pganalyze]
api_key = your_pga_organization_api_key
 
[server1]
db_host = your_db_host
...
db_log_otel_server = 0.0.0.0:4318`}
</CodeBlock>

### Multiple OpenTelemetry endpoints
If you have multiple Postgres clusters that you want to monitor through OpenTelemetry, you can
configure one pganalyze collector to start multiple OpenTelemetry HTTP servers on different ports,
each for a specific monitored cluster.

For each monitored server in the `pganalyze-collector.conf` file, you can specify
the `db_log_otel_server` setting with a different port number, like this:

<CodeBlock language="text">
{`[pganalyze]
api_key = your_pga_organization_api_key
 
[server1]
db_host = your_db_host
...
db_log_otel_server = 0.0.0.0:4318
 
[server2]
db_host = your_db_host2
...
db_log_otel_server = 0.0.0.0:4319`}
</CodeBlock>

> This would start two OpenTelemetry HTTP servers, one on port 4318 and another on port 4319. When

Reviewer: I _think_ you meant to... combine these two sentences? It reads a bit strange.

</CodeBlock>

This will create a service with the name `pganalyze-collector-otel-service`.

To create multiple OpenTelemetry endpoints, you can add multiple port entries under the `ports` section:

<CodeBlock language="yaml">
{`service:
  create: true
  name: pganalyze-collector-otel-service
  type: ClusterIP
  port: 4318

>   targetPort: 4318

Reviewer: This example might be a bit confusing, as this contains the `port` way of setting and `ports` way of setting. I'd simply remove above two lines for the multiple port entries example here.

  ports:
    - name: pganalyze-collector-otel1
      port: 4318
      targetPort: 4318
    - name: pganalyze-collector-otel2
      port: 4319
      targetPort: 4319`}
</CodeBlock>

When there is a `ports` section, the Helm chart will ignore the settings 

> for any indidivual `port` and `targetPort` settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for any individual `port` and `targetPort` settings.
```

## Fluent Bit configuration
If you are using [Fluent Bit](https://fluentbit.io/) as a telemetry agent, you need to specify
the correct INPUT and OUTPUT plugin settings to send logs to the pganalyze collector's OpenTelemetry 

> HTTP endpoint. Assuming that the Fluent Bit pod is correctly configured as a DeamonSet, the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP endpoint. Assuming that the Fluent Bit pod is correctly configured as a DaemonSet, the 
```

following INPUT and OUTPUT configuration examples should successfully start sending logs from
each Postgres pod to the pganalyze collector for processing. You will need to adjust your input
path accordingly.

<CodeBlock language="text">
{`[INPUT]
    name  tail
    path  /var/log/postgresql/cluster-example-*_default_postgres*.log
    Tag kube.*
    multiline.parser docker, cri
    DB /var/log/flb_kube.db`}
</CodeBlock>

<CodeBlock language="text">
{`[OUTPUT]

>   name  opentelemetry

Reviewer: It'd be nice to use the same spacing as above (or use the same 2 spacing above, either way)

Reviewer: Looks like you're using 4 spaces below, so maybe good to use 4 spaces here. Also maybe unify for the use of capitalization or not? (e.g. "Name" v.s. "name") - for INPUT section too.

and the collector processes the logs.

If you have multiple Postgres clusters, you can set up multiple Fluent Bit OUTPUT
plugins, each pointing to a different OpenTelemetry HTTP endpoint on the pganalyze collector. 

<CodeBlock language="text">
{`[OUTPUT]
    Name  opentelemetry
    Match kube.*cluster-example2-*
    Host  192.168.12.242
    Port  4319
 
[OUTPUT]
    Name  opentelemetry
    Match kube.*cluster-example-*
    Host  192.168.12.242
    Port  4318`}
</CodeBlock>

### Troubleshooting Fluent Bit and other Protobuf payloads
One of the common issues when using Fluent Bit with OpenTelemetry is that
the payloads are sent in Protobuf format which is a compact, efficient transport
format, yet difficult to debug on the receiving end when it doesn't match the
expected OpenTelemetry log data model.

To assist with troubleshooting, you can set the `--very-verbose` runtime parameter
for the pganalyze collector. This will log the raw Protobuf payloads received
by the OpenTelemetry HTTP server, which can help you identify if the payloads
are correctly formatted and match the expected OpenTelemetry log data model.

> For example, assuming that `pganalyze-collector.conf` file is in the expected `/etc` location,
> you can run the collector with debug logs enabled like this:

Reviewer 2: I've rarely (ever?) seen a pganalyze-collector.conf in a different location, but people may be running the collector as a container. So maybe reword like this:

```suggestion
For example, with a package-based deployment of the collector,
you can run the collector with debug logs enabled like this:
```

<CodeBlock language="bash">
{`$ sudo pganalyze-collector --very-verbose`}
</CodeBlock>

This will start the collector with very verbose logging enabled, and you should see

> output like this when it receives a Protobuf payload. 

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should note here that any collector running in the background needs to be stopped, to avoid port conflicts. e.g. "Note that you will have to stop the collector background process during such a test, to avoid port conflicts. For package based installs you can do this through `systemctl stop pganalyze-collector`."
